- So, now we're going to go about
the process of setting up an external config repository
on our local machine.
I've already gone ahead and saved the exercise files
for this course on my desktop.
All right, I'm going to copy recursively
from the exercise files,
chapter two,
02, 02,
02, 02 begin,
spring cloud
and config
and I will move that to my desktop.
I'll move it into this config folder
and I'm going to do a git init.
And I'm going to do a git add on all.
I'm going to to a git commit -m,
initial commit of directory.
Now, if you actually want to just manually do this,
we can go take a look at one of these files here,
and you'll see that all I've done is,
I've denoted a server port,
so the guest services properties file,
has a server port of 8800.
The room services properties file is 8801.
And the reservation services property file is 8802.
So if you don't want to just copy and do all of that,
you can create three individual files with these values.
Just make sure that you add them all via git,
and them commit them,
so that you can use them in our next video.